Update FST_ERR_CTP_BODY_TOO_LARGE description (#3142)
fastify/fastify: docs/Errors.md

The request body is larger than the provided limit.

> This setting can be defined in the Fastify server instance: https://www.fastify.io/docs/latest/Server/#bodylimit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting can be defined in the Fastify server instance: [`bodyLimit`](Server.md#bodyLimit)
```
